Coconut Flour Cookies with Peanut Butter and Chocolate

Soft and chewy Paleo Coconut Flour Cookies. Low carb, healthy, and packed with protein. Made with coconut flour, peanut butter or almond butter, chocolate, and NO refined sugar! This recipe is PERFECT, gluten free, and vegan friendly too!

PREP:
15 minutes

COOK:
7 minutes

TOTAL:
25 minutes

SERVINGS: 16 small cookies

Ingredients
1/2 cup peanut butter  almond butter, sunbutter, or other nut butter of choice (Note: sunbutter may make the cookies slightly green, but they will still be delicious! If you would like the cookies to be Paleo, use almond butter or a different Paleo-friendly nut butter)
2 tablespoons  coconut oil
1/2 cup  coconut sugar  or light brown sugar, if you do not need the cookies to be Paleo
2 large eggs*
1 1/2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 cup  coconut flour
1/2 cup chopped dark chocolate or chocolate chips dairy free if needed
Instructions
 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.

Place the peanut butter, coconut oil, and coconut sugar in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Process until smooth. Add the eggs and vanilla and process again until evenly combined.
Sprinkle the baking soda, cinnamon, and salt over the top. Sprinkle in the coconut flour. Process again until the mixture forms a smooth dough, stopping to scrape down the ball once or twice as needed. Using a spoon or spatula, gently fold in the chocolate chips.
With a small cookie scoop or spoon, portion the dough by heaping tablespoons onto the prepared cookie sheet. With your fingers, lightly flatten the dough, as it will not spread during baking.
Bake for 7 minutes or until the cookies turn barely golden brown at the edges and feel lightly dry. They will be very soft. Let cool on the baking sheet for 3 minutes, and then transfer the cookies to a wire rack to finish cooling. Repeat with the remaining dough.